CARTER:
Previously on Eureka...
ALLISON: If we're going
to be working together
and sleeping together
things are going
to get complicated.
I can handle complicated.
(BOTH SCREAMING)
Jo and l, we used to
be something, but...
I don't know what
and she does.
What are you doing
with my grandmother's
nng,Jo?
There's something you
should know about
Jo and the other you.
Behold, the world's
first wormhole FTL.
ZANE: You cracked manned
Faster than Light travel?
Dr. Fargo, l'm...
Senator Michaela Wen.
I know who you are.
You did just
launch a rocket
that nearly took out
the International
Space Station.
Get comfortable.
Your future in Eureka
is about to get
very complicated.
(BEEPING)
(GET THIS PARTY
STARTED PLAYING)
Oh, that can just
go right over there.
You got it.
Morning.
Uh, coffee will be
ready in a minute.
Did... Did you want
to wait inside?
Oh, no.
I mean,
I'll wait out here.
That's fine.
I'd just rather
not sit, is all.
I've been flying
for seven hours.
Well, not me personally.
I was on a plane.
I prefer trains though
because you can
put your stuff on
the seat next to you
and people
won't sit there
and you can get up
and walk around.
I'm fine out here.
So, decaf?
No.
Good morning, Larry.
Morning, Larry.
Oh, oh, that hurts.
Oh, sorry I'm awake.
How's the vacation?
Fantastic.
Last night,
I saw the sunset
on the beach...
Awesome.
So, what's on
the docket today?
You have an 8:00 am.
with Dr. Elwood
in biogenetics
about specs with
some containment unit...
(MUTTERING)
Not right now,
not right now.
Uh, conference call
at 8:30 with
Senator Wen.
9:00 am.
with Dr. Parrish.
Parrish? Reschedule.
What would you like
the reason to be?
Uh, how about
because I hate
his stupid face
and I can't stand
his whining.
Right, message sent.
Oh, no, no, no.
I wasjoking.
Oh, yes, of course
you were.
I totally got that,
but I just have to...
Give me
a second here.
Just keep the meeting.
What else?
VINCENT: Would you
like a Vinspresso?
Oh, no,
I don't drink coffee.
I love a good cup
of herbal tea.
It's so much more
calming, you know?
I'm here on assignment,
so my nerves
are a little frayed.
Holly.
Did I mention that?
I'm talking too much,
aren't I?
Now it's awkward.
I'm Vincent.
And we have every
herbal tea known to man.
I'll brew you up
something special.
That'd be great.
Thank you.
What were you
listening to?
Oh, nothing good.
Have you heard of
Neuro—Linguistic Programming?
Honey, this is Eureka.
There's nothing
we haven't heard of.
Right. I encoded
some MP3s with it
to help me manage anxiety
around social situations.
It's my own personal
recipe for success.
Joke. Get it?
I get it.
Because you're the chef,
I work with rockets.
You are such a blast.
Do you get that?
I got it! Joke.
I like you.
I like you, too.
What else?
Senator Wen's
representative is due
at 10:00 to conduct
an inquiry into
the FTL accident.
What? No, no, no, no.
They weren't supposed
to be here until next week.
An email just arrived
in your inbox with
the timetable change.
Now I'll be out of a job
sooner than I thought.
Well, you know, you did
take part in a non—sanctioned
launch of an untested...
Not helping, Larry.
Sorry.
So, does our Cylon spy
have a name?
Dr. Holly Marten.
She holds aeronautical
and mechanical engineering
degrees from Cal Poly.
Top of her class,
recruited by numerous
government agencies.
Why do I know her name?
Because Global Dynamics
was one of those agencies.
She said no.
She turned down
a job at G.D.?
That doesn't happen, ever.
According to her files,
she likes to work alone.
Well, happy to
keep it that way.
Time to rock
the game—face play list.
(BEEPING)
Doc, you may be smart
and kind of adorable,
but I won't go down
without a fight.
(EYE OF THE TIGER PLAYING)
(CHUCKLING)
Could you please
not do that
in front of me?
It's traumatizing.
Is it?
Now, are you sure
you can handle this?
Yeah, it's one day.
I can handle it.
All right.
Hey, you know
it's still not too late
to come with me.
You can change
your mind.
Because going to a medical
conference with your mom is
just every teenager's dream.
This is the sarcasm phase.
It's right after
the ignoring phase.
And just before
the loathing phase.
Here you go.
So the best is
yet to come.
Yeah.
That's great.
All right,
so everything you
need is in this bag.
And I had deputy Andy
upgraded with the latest
childcare techniques,
so if you need any
extra help...
Please. I survived
a teenage daughter.
And apart from her
running away
a few dozen times
and a brief stint in jail,
she turned out okay.
Uh,aHnght
Okay.
Okay. Bye, baby.
Say bye.
Hey.
Keep your eye on him.
Got it.
Bye, baby.
Bye.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Say goodbye.
Bye, have a nice trip.
(I MELT WITH YOU PLAYING)
Um, I thought
you hated '80s music.
Well, you know what?
I read somewhere
that marriage is about
compromise.
Uh—huh.
This smells amazing.
What is this all for?
Our anniversary.
Oh.
Uh, is it December
and someone forgot
to tell me?
No, but it's been
six months.
Since you came home.
Uh—huh.
So here
is to my beautiful wife,
a perfect partner
on a perfect morning.
If only every morning
could be like this.
Well, you know, I, uh,
I just had
an idea about that.
Hmm.
Looking good, Lupo.
I meant the new place.
Little small, though.
Didn't know you were
building a Tardis house.
A What?
Big on the inside,
tiny on the...
Never mind.
When do you move in?
Getting the retinal
scans today.
Ah, biometric security.
Got to love the future.
I mean, who needs keys,
right?
It's not like we went
through a wormhole
and got stuck in 1947.
How do you know...
I am going to kill him.
Ow! What was
that for?
You told Zane
about the other timeline.
It may have come up.
I thought we were
going to die.
How much does he know?
That we were stuck
in 1947.
And when we came back
things were different.
Did you tell him
about us?
You mean me and you?
Me and him.
He may have guessed
right a couple times.
Great.
But he knows about
time travel protocols.
He's not going
to give us up.
I don't care
about the stupid
protocols, okay?
I let him go,
and now he's starting
to look at me and that...
Fargo!
Welcome to Global Dynamics,
Dr. Marten.
I'm Douglas Fargo.
Director. Hello.
Um, I'm here to...
See the FTL drive.
Of course. Shall we?
Yeah, that'd be great.
Thanks.
Um, you know, I've been
studying the design
specs and I really...
Do try and keep up.
Okay.
(TYPING)
HOLLY: Whoa.
This is too cool.
Oh.
Oh, I'd love to
take it apart
and see how it works.
When I was a kid,
this one time I reversed
the suction on a vacuum...
Fascinating.
You know, if you want,
I could give you
a demonstration.
I thought it was
non—operational.
I'm the head of G.D.
I can do whatever I want.
(BEEPING)
What's happening?
What did you do?
Got rid of her.
It's for the best.
So, who wants breakfast?
Um.
You FTL'ed
Holly Marten?
The D.O.D. is going to flip.
She wanted to take it apart.
She would have
realized the design
is based on
the Einstein Bridge...
And then...
The secret's out.
Now you care about
keeping secrets?
What the hell
is wrong with you?
I feel fine.
Fargo, where is Holly?
Beats me.
She could be anywhere.
Or nowhere.
So, waffles?
(CARTER SPEAKING QUIETLY)
This sucks, man.
You said you wanted
to hang out
like we used to, right?
Yeah, like when you
used to take me out
on investigations
and stuff.
I never took you
out on... Uh, uh.
Except when I did.
Then we did.
Ever since you
and mom got together,
we don't have any fun.
You're all domesticated.
I'm not...
Domesticated.
I'm...
(PHONE BEEPING)
Yeah.
Oh, shoot.
Come on.
Hey, Jo. I'm on a day off.
Can you call Andy?
Fargo did what?
Do we have a case?
(SHUSHING)
I could help you.
Okay, keep me posted.
Hypothetically,
what if there was
an accident with the FTL?
And someone got
sent somewhere?
You mean someone got zapped?
Hypothetically.
Well, they might be
at the BCE site.
You know,
the Bosun Cloud Exciter?
Yeah, the catcher's mitt.
I remember.
But if the coordinates
of the BCE were
the last ones in the drive,
the FTL might have
sent them there.
We should go!
No, no, no, hey, hey.
No.
But it's a good idea,
and I will let Jo know.
Sheriff, your order is ready.
What's the occasion?
Big party later.
Getting started
a bit early,
don't you think?
Oh, it's never too early
to par—tay.
That's good.
(COOING)
You might be the...
(CAR STARTING)
Oh!
Kevin!
(CAR SCREECHING)
And he just took off?
Yeah, he's on some sort
of crime fighting kick.
I guess old timeline me
used to take him
on ride—alongs.
That is so cute.
He wants to be
your little deputy.
Jo, he stole myjeep.
Yes, well,
there's that.
Dr. Marten!
Kevin!
And Fargo, he what?
Just disappeared her?
Yeah, he claims
he was protecting us.
I don't know.
This Holly chick
has him acting crazy.
Well, crazier.
Ah, he's scared
for his job.
I mean you don't act rational
when you're freaked out.
Okay, there's irrational
and then there's homicidal.
You didn't see his face.
It was...
It was like
he didn't care.
Jack! Jack!
I found her!
Dr. Marten.
Global Dynamics
is not that way.
Are you okay?
Are you kidding?
That was amazing.
The first direct FTL flight
of a vehicle—less life form.
Oh, I can't wait
to tell everyone I know.
Not that I know
that a lot of people.
I'll have to write a paper.
Maybe I'll call it
Beam Me Up,
or something less dated
and more irreverent.
Oh, hi, I'm Holly.
Hi. I'm Jack.
Can I go again?
Well, we can talk
about that at G.D.
when we get
you checked out.
Okay. Bye.
Okay, look, I know
you're probably mad...
Do you think?
(PHONE RINGING)
Oh, come on, Jack!
Please don't do it.
Who's your best friend?
She is.
Hey, Allison.
Hey, yourself.
Everything okay?
How are my babies?
CARTER: (STAMMERING)
Well, Kevin just...
Uh, found something
for me that I lost.
Yeah!
Oh! That's good.
Carter?
You know what?
I'm losing you.
I'll call you
when I get
to the hotel.
Okay, sounds good.
Miss you.
I miss you, too.
Hello?
(LOUD BANG)
Whoa!
Oh, my God.
Hey! Are you all right?
(SOBBING)
Oh, thank God.
He's trapped down there.
He was in front of me
and just lost control, and...
I know.
I drove over
the same debris.
I tried calling for help,
but I can't get a signal.
What do I do?
Please.
You have to help me.
That's my dad.
One second, honey.
It'll be okay.
I'm a doctor.
(EXCLAIMS |N PAIN)
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just watch out
for passing cars, okay?
Where's Fargo?
Resting comfortably
in your office.
You locked him
in my holding cell?
You'd rather he roam free
while Red here is sniffing
around the FTL?
Who knows what
he'll do next.
I have to call the senator
and let her know
what's going on.
This is going
to blow her mind.
Have you seen Dr. Fargo?
I want to thank him.
For?
For the...
The demonstration.
To be honest,
I don't do a lot
of work in the field.
Really?
So this has been
a real education.
I did my thesis
on Einstein's field
equaﬂons,andu.
Are you familiar with
the Gauss—Bonnet theory,
which posits that
exotic matter need
not be present
to superluminally traverse
two points in space time?
Must have been
sick that day.
Speaking of which,
we should probably get you
checked out by the docs.
It's a standard procedure
for superluminous travel.
Right. Of course.
Let me show you
to the...
Infirmary? I know the way.
I memorized the blueprints
on the plane.
Of course you did.
What?
There might be a way
to disguise the origins
of the FTL,
keep her from figuring out
that it's a spinoff
of the Bridge device.
Great. Do it.
How about some
quid pro quo?
I'm at a bit of
a disadvantage here, Jo.
We used to be intimate.
I...
And you've seen me naked.
I'm just saying
it's only fair.
I am not playing
games with you.
Come on, Jo.
We have to deal
with this.
No, we don't.
We don't exist.
Not in this
or any timeline.
ANDY: Oh, there's
Sheriff Carter and your
big brother Kevin.
He just perpetrated
a code 503.
That's grand theft auto.
Yes, it is.
Sit. Sorry I stuck you
with babysitting duty.
No problem.
It was kind of
nice, actually.
Did you find Miss Marten?
Uh, yeah, we did.
Well, he did.
I don't know how or why,
but he did.
I don't know.
I had to.
I knew where she was
and I wanted to help.
Well, if you're
still in the mood,
I could use some help.
Really?
Yeah.
What's going on?
Is there like
a nanobot outbreak?
Did a quantum window
open up somewhere?
Nope. You can hold Jenna
while I answer the phone.
It's not ringing.
I set the ring to
an infrasonic frequency.
Jenna's been napping.
It's been kind of crazy.
Sheriff's office.
Hold please.
I could use
another hand, though.
Order one.
Today you're putting
out the fires.
Watch him.
Deputy Andy.
How may I be
of assistance?
It's Jo.
ls Carter around?
Uh, he's indisposed
right now.
Can you just let him know
that I'm going
by my house
and I've got everything
under control.
I'll do that.
My house. My new house.
Oh, hey, Jo.
Just give me one reason
why I shouldn't shoot you.
Oh, come on.
We can talk
about this.
You burned down my house!
Okay, we are
way past talking.
Well, maybe
if you listened.
Uh, this is revenge?
For what? Not getting naked?
Maybe.
Okay, that's enough.
You, I'll let you out of there
when you calm down.
You, sit.
Now, what's going on?
She was ignoring me.
I tried to talk
to her about us.
(WHISPERING) The other US.
What's he talking about?
Nothing.
We're telling
everybody now?
Fargo told him.
Fargo?
Uh—huh.
Maybe that's it.
"It" what?
What Fargo did to...
What's—her—name?
Holly.
Yeah, uh, now
Zane's gone postal.
What do they
have in common?
They're both idiots?
The FTL flight.
They were in
the capsule together.
Oh, you think that
it may have altered
them somehow?
Well, no one's ever
used Faster than Light
technology before.
It's got to have
some side effects.
There's nothing
wrong with me.
You set Jo's house on fire
to get her attention.
Okay, I see your point.
Okay. We're going
to get you and Fargo
checked out at G.D.
Finally, some action!
We. Not "we."
You're not going anywhere.
Well, I can take Zane.
I won't kill him.
Promise.
That's reassuring.
So, does this mean
we finally get to talk?
Go.
Oh, and now Zane
has to watch over
Jo committing a 187
after he 10—71'd
her house. Yes.
Oh, this is the best idea
you ever had.
And you inspired it.
Hand me the laser torch,
would you?
Well, hey, wait don't...
Don't you want to use
the F crumper on it?
You don't think so?
Okay.
All right.
Give it to me. Okay.
(WHIRRING)
Uh—huh.
Told you.
Well, you know itjust...
It was a test.
Uh—huh.
(PHONE RINGING)
It's Jack.
Well, it'll have to wait.
Uh—huh.
Okay, so here.
Right there?
Right there.
Yep.
Is he okay?
ALLISON: He's not here.
There's a small silver case
in the glove compartment.
Bring it to me.
Be careful.
Dr. Marten,
we are sorry for this.
You think what's happened
to them will happen to me?
Because if the FTL
travel altered their
brain chemistry in some way,
that means it'll
change me too, right?
Obviously I don't
know that for sure.
I'm only a rocket scientist.
Don't trust her, Jo!
She's working against us.
You have to
get rid of her!
You know he's really
quite sweet when he's
not trying to destroy you.
(DOGS BARKING)
HOLLY: Ooh, dogs!
JO: What the hell
is going on?
(PHONE RINGING)
Carter, have you
talked to Henry?
CARTER: He's not
answering his phone.
We're headed over
the garage now.
How are things over there?
Well, Fargo and Zane
are out of commission
and the only person
who knows anything
about the FTL
is the one person
we can't ask.
Look, Henry needs to check
it out before things
get any weirder around here.
I'll find him.
Whoa. Whoa.
Hold on, Jo!
Carter, what is it?
Well, things
just got weirder.
Hi! You're not Jo.
No. I'm Holly.
We met earlier.
I'm not surprised
you don't remember.
I remember.
Jo sent me.
She's busy herding dogs.
Excuse me?
No. No. Not "hurting."
Herding with a "D."
With a "D."
Yeah.
Someone let all the dogs
out of the behavioral
science lab,
which I totally get.
I mean, yes, research
requires test subjects
and no, they aren't
being harmed,
but they're all
cooped up in there and...
Whoa!
I know, right?
Uh, so what is it?
HOLLY: It's a landslide,
but the rocks aren't moving.
Must be some
kind of stasis field.
Stasis field?
Like a frozen
bubble in time?
Well, it only looks
like time has stopped.
Stopping time would violate
the Uncertainty Principle.
The rocks are still moving
only at a rate imperceptible
to the naked eye.
Have you ever played
Warhammer?
Never mind.
And it looks like
it's still expanding.
Check this out.
(GRUNTS)
What happens if a person
gets stuck in there?
It's not good.
Because there's not
enough to worry about.
(CAR ENGINE STARTING)
CARTER: Whoa!
Seriously?
Kevin!
I just had to look
something up.
It... You...
You can't drive, okay?
Not legally!
(PHONE RINGING)
ANDY: Uh, Sheriff.
Hey, Jenna.
(PHONE RINGING)
Sheriff's Office,
Deputy Andy.
Oh, be careful.
She just...
Ate.
Oh, dear. Got to go.
Can you watch Kevin?
What's happening
to him is happening
to everybody, so...
You're putting me in custody?
(GRUNTS)
Then I am so telling
Mom about this.
Is this what
you needed?
Thanks.
I flagged someone down.
They went to get help.
Why would my dad
leave the car?
Well, I think he may
have a head injury
and he's confused
and wandered off.
Don't worry,
honey, we'll find him.
(BEEPING)
What is that?
You know how search teams
track people
using bloodhounds?
And you just have this
in your car?
Come on, let's hurry.
(DEVICE BEEPING)
This device will lead
us right to him.
In the last hour
it's expanded
half a kilometer.
Who cares about some
stupid stasis field?
We all know what
the real threat is here.
How long
until it reaches us?
I'll run some
calculations.
Seven minutes at the current
rate of expansion.
Or thereabout.
Is there a way to tell
where it's coming from?
The point of origin
seems to be somewhere
in this radius here.
(KEVIN SINGING BAD BOYS)
So much for
my day off, huh?
Why are you singing
the theme from Cops?
Man, it's stuck
in my head.
And it was the first song
in that play list.
What play list?
I downloaded a bunch
of songs off the server
this morning.
You know, stuff
we could crank up
while we drove around.
Like we do
every time we hang out.
Songs about what?
About like,
uh, crime fighting?
Mostly. Yeah.
Huh.
What else is on
this play list?
Who Let the Dogs Out?
What's that, boss?
Uh...
That's something Holly
said about someone letting
the dogs out of a lab.
Where's this server?
(GET THIS PARTY
STARTED PLAYING)
KEVIN: The jukebox is
the hard drive for all
the music in Eureka.
It doesn't matter
where you listen to it,
iPod, home stereo,
car radio.
You download
it from here.
It has every song
ever recorded.
Well, could it have
a virus in it?
It's possible.
It says there was an automatic
update this morning.
Maybe there's a bug
in the software.
Okay, shut it down.
Shut it down.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey Carter,
we might be able...
VINCENT: Don't you
touch that, Jack!
Because...
Because we are here
to pump up the volume.
Jo.
Break down to the beat.
Because that is
how we do it.
And these hips don't lie!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Jo, was Zane ever a fan
of the Talking Heads?
Carter, what is going on?
Jo, it's the music.
Perfect!
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
What'd he say?
He wants to know if
you're a Talking Heads fan?
I was listening to them
on my run this morning.
Um, the greatest hits album.
And She Was,
Once in a Lifetime...
Burning Down the House?
Yeah, probably.
Fargo, were you listening
to music today?
You know it's really hard
to think clearly in such
a confined space.
Fargo.
I may have been listening
to something.
Something that made you
want to target Holly?
(EYE OF THE TIGER PLAYING)
Rising up to the challenge
of our rival
And the last known survivor
stalks his prey in the night
And he's watching us all
with the eye
Of the tiger
Hey, Jo.
They're acting out songs.
Yeah, it's happening
to Kevin and Vince as well.
Um, somebody order
99 red balloons?
Ninety—nine red balloons?
Pretty much the whole town.
For, um, Nena.
You ever hear a little ditty
called It's the End of
the World as We Know It?
These are the people
who can make it happen.
Well, it's already happening.
That stasis field has
got to be connected
and it's still expanding.
How long before
it reaches G.D.?
Is now good for you?
All right, Jo,
get out of there.
I've already ordered
an evac of all personnel,
but we're not going
anywhere until we figure
out who's doing this.
(DEVICE BEEPING)
We're getting close.
Come on.
Daddy?
Is he okay?
Okay, he's alive.
Go get the paramedics.
Tell them where
we are. Now!
Okay, I downloaded
the jukebox's recent playlist
before we shut it down.
I can trace every song
that was accessed today
back to the people
who played them.
Is there any song
about stopping time?
I'm not sure. I can
check the lyrics
database for keywords.
"Stop the world
and melt with you."
Uh, who played that?
Running back trace.
Now.
It's got to be
more than just a bug
in the automatic update.
I mean, I hate her.
Sorry.
It's okay. Maybe there's
a predisposition at play.
The songs are
feeding an impulse
that's already there.
I didn't want
to burn down Jo's house.
But you wanted to get
her attention.
The song gave you
a way to do that.
The mesolimbic system
is the part of the brain
responsible for
hypnotic suggestivity.
If the region were
hyper—activated due to
frequency progressions
within the music
it would explain
why you felt compelled
to act on the lyrics.
So, we've been hypnotized?
Inﬂuenced.
Like with
Neuro—Linguistic Programming.
Oh.
What?
Uh.
Say someone new to Eureka
had an iPod filled with
NLP—infused MP3 files.
Well, the jukebox wirelessly
downloads all music files
from any outside source.
It could've embedded
the hypnotic programming
into all the music files.
You caused this?
Now, I really hate her.
Can you reverse it?
Maybe. Probably.
I would have to adjust
the pitch frequencies
to reprogram
everyone individually.
Theoretically, I...
Oh, God,
can you do it or not?
Yes.
(BEEPING)
Uh, the stasis field
has breached G.D.
There won't be time
to cure everybody.
What if we reprogram
the person who
created the field
and get them to stop it.
It'll buy us
some more time.
If we can find them.
So, where is the point
of origin?
ZANE: See how it's
fanning out wider
as it goes?
If it's here now,
and you first
discovered it over here
in this smaller area
we just have to connect
the dots to find
the vertex for the angle.
X marks the spot.
Wait, isn't that...
KEVIN: Henry's garage.
That's where the song
was accessed.
That's why
we can't reach him.
You think Henry
and Grace are caught
in the stasis field?
This isn't an accident.
They're trying to
live out the song.
Get Kevin and Jenna
as far away from
Eureka as possible.
You can't go out there
by yourself.
What if you get caught
in the field?
I'll manage. Okay?
Okay, not to rush you,
but we kind of got
to get out of here.
If you guys know how
to retune Neuro—Linguistic
Frequencies
using acoustic algorithms
then by all means,
assist.
Yeah, of course
we know how to...
Whatever.
All right. Uploading
the cure for player.
Ah, got it.
Let's go fix Henry.
Wait!
Wait.
We're trapped!
What do we do now?
No, Jack, wait!
Whoa, easy there,
little fellow.
You heard what
the sheriff said.
I have to get you
and your sister to safety.
Look, you don't understand.
He's in danger.
From the stasis field?
From Bob Marley!
(| SHOT THE SHERIFF PLAYING)
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
Oh no
I shot the sheriff
But I didn't shoot the deputy
Ooh ooh
Yeah all around
in my hometown
They're trying
to track me down
They say they want to
bring me in guilty
You okay?
For the life of a deputy
But I say
(GUN COCKING)
If I'm guilty I will pay
What are you doing?
I shot the sheriff
But I swear it
was in self defense
I shot the sheriff
What are you doing?
And they say
it is a capital offense
KEVIN: Jo!
Look, you don't
have to do this!
Yes, I do.
He put the uniform on.
Why did he put
the uniform on?
Jo, this isn't you.
It's the music
that's making you do this.
Please, we're running
out of time.
Just hand me the gun.
I can't.
He's the sheriff.
The device that's causing
the stasis field
is in the garage.
We have to shut it off.
I'll be right here.
Ifl cut off the field
the bullet will kill him.
Jo, please,
you don't want to do this.
He's your friend.
Look, I can fix this
I just need to find
the right song.
What are you doing?
Just listen.
(WHY CAN'T WE
BE FRIENDS? PLAYING)
Why can't we be friends?
Carter.
Not yet.
Look, we can
still save him.
We just have to
time it perfectly.
Why can't we be friends?
Ready?
Ready!
KEVIN: Three, two, one! Go!
It's gone.
We're safe.
Not little Fargo.
I like him
better like this.
You. This is
your fault.
No, no, no.
I think we should
try out that cure
of yours now.
Yeah.
(GROANS)
Jo.
Hey, hey.
Are you okay?
(JO COUGHING)
Kevlar vest?
Damn, that stings.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I tried to kill you.
I think I can
forgive you. Come on.
Thanks.
It was the least
that I could do.
But I'm not the one
that you should thank.
Jack!
I told you I could help.
Nice job, Deputy.
If it wasn't for
your stupid
self—help tapes
none of us would
be in this mess.
I hope you're going
to put that in your report.
Okay. First of all,
tapes?
Are we living in 1982?
Second, what report?
The report you're
sending back
to Senator Wen.
About the accident.
I'm not filing a report.
Everyone knows you're just
the senator's henchman.
"Henchperson."
Admit it,
I'm here to evaluate
the FTL's potential
for use in long—term
space exploration
Before the grant
becomes final.
What grant?
The $20 billion you're
getting to build
an FTL—powered spacecraft
capable of reaching Titan.
$20 billion.
Did I not mention that?
And now it's
awkward again.
(CHATTER ON RADIO)
Well, they say
he's going to be okay.
I don't know
what I would have done
if you weren't here.
I'm just glad
I was here.
I will never forget this.
Neither will I, honey.
Go ahead.
Well, I'm a little
disappointed in you.
You could have been
a little bit more helpful
through all of this.
What, you sleep,
and you eat, and you poop.
And I think that's
what you're about.
Hi there, little friend.
Hi. Come here.
Yeah.
Hi.
The Neuro—Linguistic
Programming cure
has been successfully
deployed, boss.
I think we got everybody.
That is a code 10—48.
All clear.
Yes, it is.
(MUMBLING)
Oh. Maybe
not everybody.
There you go.
Come here, sweets.
Uh, hey.
Hi.
Why are people out there
dancing in the street?
Oh, long story.
Okay. There's my baby.
I missed you.
Mom, how was
the conference?
It's a long story.
(SIGHS)
(PIANO PLAYS)
Maybe you can take up
the violin.
Did you come here
to finish the job?
There's a few
uncharred books
over there on the shelf.
I don't know
what to say, Jo.
I'm really sorry.
VVeH,lguess
that's a start.
How can I make it
up to you?
Name anything.
Just stay away from me.
Yeah, except that.
Listen, I know I can be
insensitive sometimes.
Okay, most of the time.
What do you want
from me, Zane?
Do you want
to see me naked?
Will that do it for you?
I want to know
what we were.
Although I'm not opposed
to the whole naked thing.
Everything is just
a joke to you.
Look, if we were
something to
each other before
maybe we're supposed
to be something
to each other now.
We're not.
How do you know?
See?
Nothing.
You okay?
Yeah, ljust, uh...
I just have a headache.
ALLISON: I miss you, too.
Hello?
(LOUD BANG)
Whoa!
Hey, are you all right?
Hello, Allison.
You're sure she won't
remember anything?
She'll remember what
we want her to remember.
You're about to have
quite an adventure.